1. CS 2400 Project 1 done by Hemil Bhavsar, Kevin Kim, and Sean Abi Saab.
2. Hemil Bhavsar added the methods getCurrentSize, isEmpty, isFull, add(T newEntry), T remove, remove(T anEntry), clear, getFrequencyOf, contains, toArray, and also Node class to the LinkedBag.java class. He also wrote the test cases for the LinkedBagTest.java and ResizableArrayBagTest.java. Kevin Kim added the union, intersection, and difference methods to the "BagInterface" interface for the ADT Bag. He also created a README.md file and completed the "efficiency.docx" that includes time complexities of every method in both the best case and the worst case for this assignment. Lastly, he implemented the union and intersection methods for both "ResizableArrayBag" and "LinkedBag" classes. Sean Abi Saab added the methods getCurrentSize, isEmpty, isFull, add(T newEntry), T remove, remove(T anEntry), clear, getFrequencyOf, contains, and toArray to the "BagInterface" interface for the ADT Bag. He wrote the implementation of the difference methods and helped with implementation of the intersection methods for both ResizableArrayBag.java and LinkedBag.java. Lastly, he helped with not only writing the test cases while using Java unit test frameworks and finished implementing the client program BagDriver.java, but also edited the screencast video and then posted it on YouTube.
3. We have implemented a unit test class using JUnit Test Framework on both “ResizableArrayBagTest.java” and “LinkedBagTest.java” as our extra feature.
4. Here is the link to [our screencast video](https://youtu.be/pHg5vBfmyf8) on YouTube.
5. Here is the link to [the Javadoc's start page](https://github.com/CodingTillWeDie/Project-1/tree/master/Project1HTML). 
